Update history-graph.markdown (#27101)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_dashboards/history-graph.markdown

description: "The History Graph card allows you to display a graph for each of the entities listed."
---

> The History Graph card allows you to display a graph for each of upto eigth entities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The History Graph card allows you to display a graph for each of up to eight entities.
```
